Add Azure MySQL connector with test cases (#1)
ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-azure.mysql: README.md

Ballerina Azure MySQL Library
===================

> The Azure MySQL library is one of the external library packages of the<a target="_blank" href="https://ballerina.io

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Azure MySQL library is one of the external library packages of the <a target="_blank" href="https://ballerina.io
```

/"> Ballerina</a> language. 

This is specially designed for connecting Azure MySQL DB server and this provides the functionality required to

>  access and manipulate data stored in a Azure MySQL database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 access and manipulate the data stored in an Azure MySQL database.
```

> Following are the operations supported by this connector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The operations below are supported by this connector.
```

 
 - Pooling connections
 - Querying data
 - Inserting data
 - Updating data
 - Deleting data
 - Updating data in batches
 - Executing stored procedures
 - Closing the client
 
 # Building from the Source
 ## Setting Up the Prerequisites
 
 1. Download and install Java SE Development Kit (JDK) version 11 (from one of the following locations).
 
    * [Oracle](https://www.oracle.com/java/technologies/javase-jdk11-downloads.html)
 
    * [OpenJDK](https://adoptopenjdk.net/)
 
         > **Note:** Set the JAVA_HOME environment variable to the path name of the directory into which you installed JDK.
 
 2. Download and install [Ballerina SL Alpha 5](https://ballerina.io/). 
 
 ## Building the Source
 

>  Execute the commands below to build from the source after installing Ballerina SL Alpha 5 version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Execute the commands below to build from the source after installing Ballerina Swan Lake Alpha 5 version.
```
